1367447732
AddIndexToUsersEmail	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427022507_add_index_to_users_email.rb	class AddIndexToUsersEmail 
AddPasswordDigestToUsers	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427042030_add_password_digest_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordDigestToUsers 
AddRememberTokenToUsers	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130501033010_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	class AddRememberTokenToUsers 
Application	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateUsers	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427013638_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
SampleApp	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/config/application.rb	module SampleApp
SessionsController	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
StaticPagesController	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	class StaticPagesController 
StaticPagesHelper	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/static_pages_helper.rb	module StaticPagesHelper
User	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
VALID_EMAIL_REGEX	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  VALID_EMAIL_REGEX =
c_user	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def c_user
c_user=	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def c_user=(user)
change	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130501033010_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427013638_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427022507_add_index_to_users_email.rb	  def change
change	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/db/migrate/20130427042030_add_password_digest_to_users.rb	  def change
contact	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def contact
create	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	def create
create_remember_token	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def create_remember_token
destroy	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	def destroy
edit	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit 
full_title	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def full_title(page_title)
gravatar_for	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { size: 50 })
help	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	def new
show	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def sign_in(user)
sign_out	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def sign_out
signed_in?	/home/administrator/rails/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def signed_in?
